# NORG
The version of NORG for ZEN

Version: v1.0.01 @ 2023.03.14
    finished: the NC space construct.
    doing   : the NC space Hop;{find_h_idx(const Asnci& nc)}.
    tinking : how to get the projection form ground space in (n+-1) space. 

Version: v1.0.02 @ 2023.03.15
    finished: finish nc.find_h_idx(); fix the bug for the hamilton_value; fix the cfg2nums() function.
    doing   : Need to Projection form ground space in (n+-1) space. 
    tinking : check the code has no bug; check the Nci structure has no problem.

Version: v1.0.03 @ 2023.03.16
    finished: checked the code has no bug; find these bug and pass though the compiler.
    doing   : Need to Projection form ground space in (n+-1) space. 
    tinking : need to change the Nci structure, since the compiler's warning.

Version: v1.0.04 @ 2023.03.16
    finished: resit the Nci's structure, so no compiler's warning now.
    next do : Need to Projection form ground space in (n+-1) space. 
    tinking : is it fine not to build the H in (n \pm 1) subspace?

Version: v1.0.05 @ 2023.03.16
    finished: finished Projection form ground space in (n+-1) space. And make some cleaning.
    next do : Let CrrltFun support Asnci.
    tinking : Is it fine Operator construct nor use scsp's info, and if it's fine not to check the nppso?

Version: v1.0.06 @ 2023.03.16
    finished: CrrltFun support Asnci; Cut the Operator's not need functions; NOW we can test if the ASNCI can calc the green.
    next do : testing in 3-band.
    tinking : check "ex-pos" that the idx and position may not the same, since the ex-pos can't be '0'? Can single-particle excited states be generated by the rank formula?

Version: v1.0.07 @ 2023.03.17
    finished: The code can running fine when only use the NORG.
    next do : Debuging...
    tinking : What's the Rank equation comes from?

Version: v1.0.08 @ 2023.03.20
    finished: Check to find the ground state Max coefficient; double check the "cfig to arry" and "arry to cfig" function.
    next do : Check the "expand(natural_cfg)" function.
    tinking : What's the Rank equation comes from?

Version: v1.0.09 @ 2023.03.21
    finished: expand(natural_cfg) finised, but the hamilton_value still has some problem didn't fixed!
    next do : using the deflection to fix the Sgm.
    tinking : What's the Rank equation comes from? How do I converge the new space's ground state to the new n+/n- subspace?

Version: v1.0.10 @ 2023.03.21
    finished: using the deflection to fix the Sgm. (may be failed)
    next do : need to find the ground state in new space.
    tinking : What's the Rank equation comes from? How do I converge the new space's ground state to the new n+/n- subspace?

Version: v1.0.11 @ 2023.03.23
    finished: git_nci_no_rank(const VecReal& ground_state, const Int ex_pos).
    next do : test this function.
    tinking : Rank equation was writting some thing wrong? why it will calc the minus number?

Version: v1.0.12 @ 2023.03.28
    finished: change the state function, use vecbool to express; add the H to save the final coefficient.
    next do : Now face the problem with the calc Green. (Hold}
    tinking : Rank equation was writting some thing wrong? why it will calc the minus number? (Hold}

Version: v1.0.13 @ 2023.03.28
    finished: fix some print out problem.
    next do : (same as prev)
    tinking : (same as prev)

Version: v1.0.14 @ 2023.03.30
    finished: add the rotation for tensor H index. (Finished the find_fullH_idx() function.)
    next do : let prgramm test find_fullH_idx() in three band.
    tinking : Thinking about the possibility of the any mistake.

Version: v1.0.15 @ 2023.04.01
    finished: Fix the code to suit the new impurity data structure(Impdata). And the code can running fine with no bug.
    next do : 1.Cross-validation in three band. 2.add in the Green calc class new 
              (project_uplwer_parical_space(const VecReal &initial_vector, const Int crtann, const Int norg_set, const Int orbit_pos_in_div))
    tinking : <!--! Should rethink about the Asnci class since we choose rotate the whole H. -->

Version: v1.0.16 @ 2023.04.02
    finished: Fixed the set_row_primeter_byimpH() function; Add the oper_value Member variable.
    next do : 1.Cross-validation in three band. 2.add in the Green calc function.
    tinking : krylov_space_size so huge what's the problem?  <!--! A:The H matirx may illed -->

Version: v1.0.17 @ 2023.04.03
    finished: Find the bug to fix problem, "the krylov_space_size so huge". Now the energy_err can decrease constantly.
    next do : 1.add in the Green calc function.
    tinking : How to realize teh Green calc function? <!--! A:Using the for formula straight-->

Version: v1.0.18 @ 2023.04.04
    finished: fix the H matrix n_sC^+_iC_j term.
    next do : 1.add in the Green calc function.
    tinking : Only consider the n_s in one-set, is right? <!--! A:Yes, since the rotation wouldn't happened in different sets-->

Version: v1.0.19 @ 2023.04.04
    finished: Finished the Green calc function; Update the code from v4.1.20; Add the Green calc function(not tested).
    next do : 1.Cross-validation in three band(with interaction and no interaction).
    tinking : How should I add the correction vector for fixing the G calc?

Version: v1.0.20 @ 2023.04.05
    finished: Fix the set_interaction() in impurity class; Change the Impdata data structure; speed up the set_row_primeter_byimpH() function;
    next do : Test the convergence of ground state calc.
    tinking : The Green calc need to fixed for some structure can't find in the sub-space.

Version: v1.0.21 @ 2023.04.06
    finished: Debug for the state class; change for the abge in norg.cpp.
    next do : (same as prev)
    tinking : (same as prev)

Version: v1.0.22 @ 2023.04.06
    finished: fix the if_norg_imp mode, Now debug in this mode.
    next do : try to find the reason energy different with v1.0.07.
    tinking : The number of elerment is same as v1.0.07?

Version: v1.0.23 @ 2023.04.07
    finished: Now the v1.0.23 energy is same as v1.0.07.
    next do : try to fix with rotation imp.
    tinking : is it safe merge n_i↑n_j↓ and n_j↑n_i↓ in one term?<!--! A:Now all the dd-interaction term will divide by 2, since double counting term need to removed.-->

Version: v1.0.24 @ 2023.04.07
    finished: Now the v1.0.24 energy is same as v1.0.07-fixed.
    next do : (same as prev)
    tinking : if there some off-diagonal 4 Fermi term in the H matrix, was not considered? Or overlap?

Version: v1.0.25 @ 2023.04.08
    finished: Find the bug for the anti-commutation in state.cpp Ln:93.
    next do : Test for the Green calc function.
    tinking : In the rotation of the impurity orbital, the energy becomes higher, so the Green calc may be wrong. What about the beginning at no-rotation impurity orbital converge U for rotation impurity orbital?

Version: v1.0.26 @ 2023.04.09
    finished: make some modify and now the if_norg_imp=1 mode can use the if_norg_imp=0 mode's U.
    next do : (same as prev)
    tinking : (same as prev)

Version: v1.0.27 @ 2023.04.10
    finished: Now the Green calc can run, but the valiables are not secutre.
    next do : Cross check the Green calc function with v1.0.07-fixed.
    tinking : The single paritcal states in the Green calc function is correct?

Version: v1.0.28 @ 2023.04.11
    finished: The no-rotation mode imp-orbital fixed.
    next do : (same as prev)
    tinking : (same as prev)

Version: v1.0.29 @ 2023.04.12
    finished: Finished the Green calc function; Now the Calc of Green function is the same in the two modes.
    next do : using this version to test the SrVO3.
    tinking : how to move the code to the Copper-based superconductivity CMDFT calc; And how to move the 2 band calc.

Version: v1.0.30 @ 2023.04.15
    finished: add the "dmft_bethe" for the norg to study the bethe lattice model, but the code is not finished. move from v3.26.1@2022.11.18 version.
    next do : finish the "dmft_bethe" code.
    tinking : (same as prev)

Version: v1.0.31 @ 2023.04.19
    finished: finish the "dmft_bethe" code. but still has some bug, and the code is not tested.<!--! Not finished.-->
    next do : modify for the Zen test KV3Sb5. <!--! force changed--> 
    tinking : (same as prev)

Version: v1.0.32 @ 2023.04.20
    finished: finish the modify.
    next do : Zen test 3-band SrVO3.
    tinking : (same as prev)

Version: v1.0.33 @ 2023.04.21
    finished: modify for no-rotation impurity orbital mode;
    next do : 1.test the different between rotation and no-rotation impurity orbital mode in 3band imp model; 2.calc the KV3Sb5 in no-rotation mode with 4bath ed.
    tinking : (same as prev)

Version: v1.0.34 @ 2023.04.21
    finished: bug fixed for the NORG orbital.densitymatrix.cpp Ln337-347. <!--! IMPORTANT --> 
    next do : (same as prev)
    tinking : Why would you forget the the NORG orbital order in densitymatrix.cpp !?

Version: v1.0.35 @ 2023.04.21
    finished: upgrade, add the share memory for speed up reason.
    next do : 1.test the different between rotation and no-rotation impurity orbital mode in 3band imp model;
    tinking : (same as prev)